Possible list of tests to be conducted
Date: 05/02/23
Author: jac127
==============

FR1:
	Are the players prompted with a menu on startup?
		Does the menu have the option to start a new game?
			Are the players prompted to enter their names for the corresponding colours?
			Are the player names shown correctly?
			Are the players assigned the correct colour?
		
		Does the menu have the option to restore a previous game?

FR2:
	Does the program keep track of the player names for the duration of the game?
	Does the program keep track of the player colour for the duration of the game?
	Does the program correctly keep track of the player's pieces for the duratioon of the game?
	
FR3:
	Does the program keep track of which player is currently supposed to move?
	Does the program visually indicate which player is currently supposed to move?
	Are the player's names displayed on the screen?
	Is the board displayed on the screen?
	Are the pieces displayed on the screen?
	Are the pieces in the correct locations?
	Are the pieces the correct colour?
	
FR4:
	Can any valid piece of the correct colour be selected by the player?
	Does the program prevent the player from moving two or more pieces?
	
FR5:
	Are the possible legal moves shown to the user?
	Are the possible pieces that can be moved shown to the user?
	Can the pieces be moved?
	Can the pieces only be moved at the correct time?
	Can the pieces only be moved by the correct player?
	Can the pieces only be moved to a valid square?
	Can the player move any valid piece?

FR6:
	Does the program detect check?
	Is check indicated to the user?

FR7:
	Does the program detect checkmate?
	Is checkmate indicated to the user?
	Does the program indicate which player has won the game?
	
FR8:
	Does the program indicate the end of the game?
	Can the player choose to resign?
	Can the players make a mutual agreement to end the game (draw)
	Does the program save the state of the game as it ends?

FR9:
	Can the players quit the game?
	Is it possible to save the state of the game?

FR10:
	Can the game be replayed on step at a time?
	Can the game be reviewed backwards?
	Can the game be reviewed forwards?
	Can the replay be stopped?
	
FR11:
	Does the computer store each move for the entire game?
	In the event of a game abortion, can the previous game state be restored?
	Can the game be resumed when the program is restarted?

External Interface Requirements:
	Is the user's input acted on in under a second?
	Does the program run on the IS PCs?